refactor: inv wrapper functions (#704)
vmware/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation: CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

> ## v2.11.1
> 
> - Enhanced `Invoke-InvDeployment` cmdlet to remove the need for WSA and add in the Admin VRSLCM Password to the Locker.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## v2.11.1

> Release Date: Not Released

- Enhanced `Invoke-InvDeployment` cmdlet to remove the need for Workspace ONE Acceess and add in the `admin` password to the VMware Aria Suite Lifecycke password locker.

```

Reviewer: Resolved in 5edf161 .
